okay hi guys welcome back to another
Gundam tutorial from OB station so this
time around I will be touching on how do
you actually apply what are the cows on
your gun dance so first and foremost in
order to apply them you understand them
right so pretty much a water the car
will look something like this
alright it would have a blue background
with like outlines like this way but you
could not actually turn off like the
normal stickers so uh to use them you
need a few tools first and you do need a
tweezer all right and then get yourself
exacto knife or your hobby knife and a
few cotton bud okay and you do need a
map setter as well okay to actually
allow it to stick through your pots
better so an example would be like this
okay actually done it just now already
alright so this is actually a fish Chi
Salafi right painted in white um how
would you post a link once this thing is
done alright so you can check it out how
how distinct fair okay so I will just do
one example on this massive shoe first
okay do get yourself a exacto knife okay
and you do just cut around the outline
of the cow just you actually want that
okay then at the mean time before
cutting out staff and do get yourself a
tray of water as well so in this case I
do have a tray of water here just
briefly please they hold a cow into it
and like it so for maybe around 40
seconds to a minute so this is actually
pretty much a bigger piece so I've
actually put it for a longer view of
time to allow it to fully separated from
its arm the blue sheets behind it so at
the mean time what we're going to do now
is to make sure that you actually clear
off all the gas that it's on your piece
of plastic I'm going to apply two and
just get yourself on the mat setter
alright and you just briefly just you
see the watering stuff right is actually
a so-called of a liquid substance to
allow your that curl to stick to your
surfaces as well I actually work better
on those wrong surfaces because you do
might have some problem like applying
things on round surface to actually like
so-called gay world like pewter or
something all right so I think pretty
much time's up
so I will just article this the cow and
rip off the excess water
all right and just place it here and I
will just get myself my cotton bud and
check is it able to okay so you see in
here is actually sliding off right so
pretty much we are ready to transfer
your the cows to your prods
so in this case gently I'll remove your
this street of thing with your to user
and then you check is this the correct
placement that you want it so in this
case arm you can see that is slightly
towards your on my left so I will just
just let me adjust it up a bit
alright okay slightly ship it to it
in this direction Norris if you actually
are like get so caught grumpy because
you have not actually stick it down yet
so once you are okay with your placement
alright okay let me try with my hand try
not to use that because it's not a good
vibe using it because it's a bit surface
I'm just pressing on the mid of the deck
ow
okay trying to get it online because you
want to undo it
okay pretty much you're done so what you
need to do is get yourself the dry part
that is not stained with the water and
just really to remove the SS of the
water
okay let's so
he just rode away
all right so pretty much you are done
with the applying off the water that cow
so thanks for watching hope you like
this video and do stay tuned to the sky
once it's up hopefully you might be
around one or two months time because
I'm pretty busy with the stuff and do
check out the previous video on how to
actually paint the trust as well so um
yeah thanks for watching the video and
see you at the next time then good bye